Docs: Streaming BI Quickstart (#16803)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/quickstarts/streaming.md

        user_id BIGINT,
        item_id BIGINT,
        status INT,
        quantity INT,
        purchase_price INT,
        deleted BOOLEAN,
        created_at TIMESTAMP,
        updated_at TIMESTAMP
    );

    INSERT INTO shop.users VALUES (1, 'random@email.com', true, current_timestamp(), current_timestamp());
    INSERT INTO shop.items VALUES (1, 'Random Random', 'Category', 230, 3, current_timestamp(), current_timestamp(), current_timestamp());
    INSERT INTO shop.purchases VALUES (1, 1, 1, 1, 3, 10, false, current_timestamp(), current_timestamp());
    ``` -->

    ```sql
    CREATE SOURCE purchases
    FROM KAFKA CONNECTION shop.kafka_connection (TOPIC 'purchases')
    FORMAT AVRO USING CONFLUENT SCHEMA REGISTRY CONNECTION shop.csr_basic_http
    WITH (SIZE = '3xsmall');

    CREATE SOURCE items
    FROM KAFKA CONNECTION shop.kafka_connection (TOPIC 'items')
    FORMAT AVRO USING CONFLUENT SCHEMA REGISTRY CONNECTION shop.csr_basic_http
    WITH (SIZE = '3xsmall');

    CREATE SOURCE users
    FROM KAFKA CONNECTION shop.kafka_connection (TOPIC 'users')
    FORMAT AVRO USING CONFLUENT SCHEMA REGISTRY CONNECTION shop.csr_basic_http
    WITH (SIZE = '3xsmall');
    ```

>     <!-- Each topic contains different data:

Reviewer: Thinking about it some more, it's probably worth it to include a section that is common to all guides about the data, creating a cluster for the quickstarts and so on, since all three (+ the get started) will use the exact same source.

    ```
    1671724467569	1	f	35
    1671724467569	1	t	25
    ```

    If there is a new purchase or a soft delete, the subscription will show two new rows. The previous value and the new value. In this case there was a soft delete of a non vip purchase of $15.
    ```
    1671724467569	1	f	35
    1671724467569	1	t	25
    1671724514737	1	f	20
    1671724514737	-1	f	35
    ```

1. Press `CTRL + C` to interrupt the subscription after a few changes.

### Connect to BI Tool

Instead of using the subscribe we are will connect our BI tool directly on top of our materialized view. For this example we will use [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/). Though since Materialize is wire-compatible with PostgreSQL, any tool that supports PostgreSQL should work.

1. In Metabase add a new database connection

    | Connection Field | Value |
    | --- | --- |
    | Database type | PostgreSQL |
    | Display Name | Materialize |
    | Host | `MATERIALIZE_HOST` |
    | Port | 6875 |
    | Database name | `materialize` |
    | Username | `MATERIALIZE_USERNAME` |
    | Password | `MATERIALIZE_PASSWORD` |
    | Use a secure connection (SSL) | True |

> 2. To make a quick dashboard for our mmaterialized view, click "Browse Data" on the left side. Then drill down until you find the `vip_purchases` view. By default it will just be a table but we can change this to a "Bar" chart and get live udpates of new purchases as they are created or deleted.

Reviewer: We never mention that we're doing CDC from MySQL, but we should! Also, a reminder to add a diagram of the underlying architecture as a follow-up.

> 2. To make a quick dashboard for our mmaterialized view, click "Browse Data" on the left side. Then drill down until you find the `vip_purchases` view. By default it will just be a table but we can change this to a "Bar" chart and get live udpates of new purchases as they are created or deleted.

Reviewer: Here, we should also mention how to set up a dashboard to update every second! You can pretty much port over the Metabase instructions from the [old quickstart](https://materialize.com/docs/lts/quickstarts/live-analytics/#create-dashboards).

## Recap

In this quickstart, you saw:

-   How to define sources and materialized views within Materialize
-   How to subscribe to materialized views

> -   Connecting a BI tool to a materialized view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   How to connect a BI tool to Materialize for data visualization
```

> ## Related pages

Reviewer: Instead of "Related pages", for quickstarts we should have a "Lean more" section with some CTA (not sure to what yet).
